Update doc according to the latest f1 changes (#61)
form3tech-oss/f1: README.md

)

func main() {

>     f1.Scenarios().Execute()

Reviewer: Since this doesn't do anything useful, I would skip this whole section "Building an executable binary". The next section also covers this well enough.

}
``` 

This will give you a basic `f1` command line runner with the various running modes (see below) that are bundled with it. You can get more information about the various options available by simply running `go run main.go --help`

### Writing load tests

> Test scenarios consist of two stages: `Setup` and `Run`. Setup is called once at the start of a test; this may be useful for generating resources needed for all tests, or subscribing to message queues. Run is called for every iteration of the test, often in parallel with multiple goroutines. Teardown can be called once after all iterations complete to clean up the setup or/and after each iteration to clean up the run in LIFO order. These Setup and Run functions are defined as types in `f1`:

Reviewer: This looks like `Setup` and `Run` have technical representations within `f1`, but they don't. Thus I would just refer to them as "Setup and run".

Reviewer: Regarding Teardown, I would mention the fact that 

1. you may have multiple teardown callbacks for both setup and run
2. they are execute in a LIFO fashion

Reviewer: It reads strange that "Setup and Run functions are defined as types in `f1`", and then seeing a `ScenarioFn` and a `RunFn`. Maybe worth pointing out that "Setup" actually means calling the `ScenarioFn` in the sense of "Please setup my scenario by calling the ScenarioFn"?

> Test scenarios consist of two stages: `Setup` and `Run`. Setup is called once at the start of a test; this may be useful for generating resources needed for all tests, or subscribing to message queues. Run is called for every iteration of the test, often in parallel with multiple goroutines. Teardown can be called once after all iterations complete to clean up the setup or/and after each iteration to clean up the run in LIFO order. These Setup and Run functions are defined as types in `f1`:

Reviewer 2: Think we need to introduce cleanup rather than talking about teardown. 
```suggestion
Test scenarios consist of two stages: `Setup` and `Run`. Setup is called once at the start of a test; this may be useful for generating resources needed for all tests, or subscribing to message queues. Run is called for every iteration of the test, often in parallel with multiple goroutines. These functions are given a T interface which implements a subset of the standard `Testing.T` library. It can be used for defining assertions, failing a test iteration, context-sensitive logging and to define cleanup functions which will run after the iteration completes, or after the whole test run completes, in the case of cleanup functions defined from the setup function. These Setup and Run functions are defined as types in `f1`:
```

package main

import (
	"fmt"
	
	"github.com/form3tech-oss/f1/v2/pkg/f1"
	"github.com/form3tech-oss/f1/v2/pkg/f1/testing"
)

func main() {

> 	f1.Scenarios().Add("mySuperFastLoadTest", setupMySuperFastLoadTest).Execute()

Reviewer 2: Still not fully convinced by this naming seeing it written here - `Scenarios` is constructing something, so should it be a `New` function?

```suggestion
	f1.New().Add("mySuperFastLoadTest", setupMySuperFastLoadTest).Execute()
	f1.NewBuilder().Add("mySuperFastLoadTest", setupMySuperFastLoadTest).BuildAndRun()
```

Reviewer 2: Not a big deal though if we have lots of dependencies already

Author: Sounds good to me. Probably is better to change it now than later.

}

func setupMySuperFastLoadTest(t *testing.T) testing.RunFn {
	teardownScenarioFn := func() {
		fmt.Println("Wow, that was fast! Now let's clean up the scenario")
	}
	// Register clean up function which will run at the end of the scenario execution
    t.Cleanup(teardownScenarioFn)

	teardownIterationFn := func() {
		fmt.Println("Wow, that was fast! Now let's clean up the iteration")
	}
	
	runFn := func(t *testing.T) {
		fmt.Println("Wow, super fast!")

		// Register clean up functions which will run in LIFO order after each iteration
	    t.Cleanup(teardownIterationFn)
	}

> 	return runFn

Reviewer: Use either tabs or spaces

Reviewer 2: I think I'd prefer to see the teardown function inline in the cleanup. The iteration teardown in particular looks strange as it isn't in the context of the run function. 

Perhaps we should also add some comments about where the actual scenario implementation would be done?

}
```

> `Add()` registers a new scenario that can be run with `go run main.go run constant mySuperFastLoadTest` (where `constant` is the running mode). The `setupMySuperFastLoadTest` function performs any setup steps and returns a function to run on every "iteration" of the test.

Reviewer: I think this captures the point of `ScenarioFn` doing the actual setup well :+1: Could this point be moved up maybe?
